README.md, before:

### This project is about creating and visualising simulation models

---
## Installing and using python simulation
#### 0. Installing poetry
<i>If you have [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) installed then skip this step.</i><br>
Windows: `pip install poetry`<br>
Unix based OS (Linux, macOS, etc.): `pip3 install poetry`

#### 1. Cloning repo and installing packages
```commandline
git clone https://github.com/Anvarys/virus-simulation/
cd virus-simulation
poetry install
```

#### 2. Running a simulation
```
poetry run python simulations/choose.py
```

---

### TODO:

1. Make 2d & 3d python simulations & visualise them ✅
2. Make X dimensional python simulation ✅
3. Add Graphics for X dimensional python simulation ✅
4. Web version of the 2d simulation ✅
5. Make it not ugly ✅
6. Publish web version via [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) ✅
7. Web version of X dimensional simulation
8. Graphics for X dimensional web simulation
9. Web version of the 3d simulation (prob would crash any browser)
10. Create other simulations (like civilisations)

For Axiom I'm expecting to get to around 8th point in my TODO


---

### For Axiom reviewers

<strong>AI Usage:</strong>
- Research for possible libs / tech stack to make my project
- Help with understanding certain libs
- Error debugging

Commit message:

fix: opacity and cubeSize in other simulation params

README.md, after:

### This project is about creating and visualising simulation models

---
## Installing and using python simulation
#### 0. Installing poetry
<i>If you have [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) installed then skip this step.</i><br>
Windows: `pip install poetry`<br>
Unix based OS (Linux, macOS, etc.): `pip3 install poetry`

#### 1. Cloning repo and installing packages
```commandline
git clone https://github.com/Anvarys/virus-simulation/
cd virus-simulation
poetry install
```

#### 2. Running a simulation
```
poetry run python simulations/choose.py
```

---

### TODO:

1. Make 2d & 3d python simulations & visualise them ✅
2. Make X dimensional python simulation ✅
3. Add Graphics for X dimensional python simulation ✅
4. Web version of the 2d simulation ✅
5. Make it not ugly ✅
6. Publish web version via [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) ✅
7. Web version of X dimensional simulation ✅
8. Charts for X dimensional web simulation ✅
9. Web version of the 3d simulation (prob would crash any browser) ✅
10. Add ability to create different viruses

For Axiom I'm expecting to get to around 8th point in my TODO
UPD: Wow, I'm already done with 3D simulation (11 Nov)

---

### For Axiom reviewers

<strong>AI Usage:</strong>
- Research for possible libs / tech stack to make my project
- Help with understanding certain libs
- Error debugging
